Which is it?
Don't torment me any longer, Mi Jung.
Which girl is mine?
Which is it?
Which one is mine? Who is my daughter?
It's Ji An!
Is it Ji An?
Is it...
really her?
Why didn't you...
report it?
Why did you take Eun Seok
in the first place?
Her pictures were...
on every newspaper
and TV all over the country.
I thought she was abandoned.
I always wanted a daughter.
I was happy to have not just 1, but 2.
Let's take a look here.
- These hairpins are cute. - This one.
They're so cute.
Which would you like, Ji An? This one?
Okay. Get these two then. This is cute too.
- What about this one? - Oh, no. Look out!
It was all my fault.
On the way back after burying her,
I saw a crying child.
Oh, dear.
It felt like my daughter came back alive.
We found her...
out of nowhere. We thought...
she was abandoned.
I asked the police for any
missing child reports,
but they said no.
They were very similar
in height and appearance.
Two days later,
we took her to Dubai with us.
I couldn't possibly report her death,
so I prayed for her for
three years in heart.
I found that two days
after Eun Seok's missing,
on Friday, August 21, 1992,
the whole family left for Dubai.
That's only an excuse.
Eun Seok can't replace your dead daughter.
How dare you consider her as a replacement?
Then...
why did you lose your child?
How did she...
end up there with so many bug bites?
I don't even know how long she starved.
When I held her up,
she hugged me while trembling.
She fell asleep after only
a few sips of tea.
Why did you leave her in
the mountain like that?
I didn't. Someone took her.
By the way,
how did you know it was us?
Do you want me to tell her,
or do you want to tell her?
What?
Eun Seok will be shocked.
It'd be better for you to tell her.
Call my child immediately.
Ms. No.
I must see Eun Seok now,
so call her and tell her yourself.
Or do you want me to do it instead?
Who was it?
It was her.
I knew it.
Where are you going now?
I must go see Eun Seok.
I couldn't even flush.
I tried my best to hold my breathe.
I didn't notice it at all.
How could you keep it a secret from me?
Hey, I only charged you...
half the rent for this house.
What are you doing here?
Oh, my. You look really shocked.
No wonder. It's possible.
By the way, what are you going to do now?
She said she's going to take Ji An with her.
No, wait. You should let her take her.
She owns Haesung Corporation.
My goodness. Ji An suffered so much here...
when she had such rich parents?
Please stop.
My goodness.
Then what about Tae Soo?
- Tae Soo? - Your husband.
He didn't show it at all.
You only cared for Ji Soo, so he looked after Ji An.
- He must've felt bad. - Please stop. Please.
Please stop, and leave.
I want to be alone.
You must decide what you're going to do.
I'm not...
myself.
I don't even have the energy to talk.
Please.
Bread tastes the best during a break.
You must be happy.
Bread isn't good enough.
Ji An said she'll get a part time job.
She won't listen.
Tell her yourself.
What are you doing?
(Deposit)
- Mr. Jung. - What?
Can I borrow your phone? I left mine at home.
You must eat this today.
- Thank you. Bye. - Bye.
I'm sure I gave him the right number.
Here's my number.
Hold on.
Hello?
Isn't this Seo Ji Soo's phone?
It is. This is she speaking.
Goodness, I thought you were someone else.
Dad?
I'm calling you with someone else's phone.
So answer my questions quickly.
Where is the fried chicken restaurant Ji An works at?
It's in Yeouido?
This is my phone.
Why do you look so down? Get ready to go home.
I gave this guy my number, but he's not calling me.
The bicycle guy doesn't like you, Ji Soo.
How did you know it was the guy on the bicycle?
You chased after him so many times.
That's how you knew.
Did you say he doesn't like me?
He might just not have time to call me...
if he's really busy.
Besides, he might feel shy about calling me.
Guys don't delay when they want to call the ladies...
as long as he's at least interested in that lady.
Really?
He will never call you. Don't wait for his call.
How do you know that, Mr. Kang?
Put things away. Clean the hall.
Clean the front of the bakery.
Yes, Mr. Kang.
If he doesn't call me, I won't have another chance.
If it weren't for Ji An, I'd have confessed to him.
Boss,
if you keep that up, you'll ruin your business.
Be friendly. Say, "Welcome" and "Goodbye".
This is a prerequisite of running a business.
Since there are no customers, give it a try.
Since there are no customers,
can't I talk to you casually?
Why are you talking to me causally?
Oh, right. The lady who gave you her number.
She hung around the cafe today again.
That doesn't concern me at all.
She kept touching her phone.
I think she was waiting for your call.
Here's my number.
Sorry.
(Delete)
She was quite pretty.
Pretty?
I hate girls who aren't straightforward.
You know how many months she's been eyeing me?
No, how many months has it been?
She hid all over the place to look at me.
She even chased after me. She frustrates me.
I feel bad for her.
Woo Hee.
Did your first love call you?
No, she didn't. She's not texting me back.
Her phone is turned off.
The number you have dialed is busy on another call...
Her phone is turned on.
Dad, what is it?
Hey.
I'm in Seoul now. I had to be at the headquarters.
I'm in Yeouido.
Which restaurant do you work at?
It's in Yeouido too.
Really? That's great.
Let's grab dinner together then.
Well...
Hey, what are you doing? The orders are piling up.
Dad, I'll call you again.
- Hey. - I'm sorry.
A group of Chinese tourists just ordered.
Cook 30 fried chickens in total. Hurry.
All right. I'm sorry.
Hold on a minute. Let me see.
What did I say about frying the second time?
Mom, you're home early.
Why are you heading out now?
The professor rescheduled my morning lesson.
Stay focused, and practice.
Okay.
Have a good lesson.
Why did Mom let her drive?
Did something happen?
I guess I should postpone my trip today.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Goodbye.
Bye.
- Sir. - What?
How much are these with my employee discount?
Goodness.
You just explained to the customer that...
they're the newest arrival. Stop dreaming.
Employee discount, my foot.
Then do I have to pay the full price?
You're such a scrooge. Why do you want them?
What is it? Did you get a girlfriend?
No, I won't date until I accomplish my mission.
Whatever.
They are for my oldest sister.
Really?
In that case,
you can use your employee discount for these.
What do you think?
Sure.
Empty this room.
- Yong Min. - Yes?
- Help her. - Sure.
(General Manager Min)
What is it?
Ms. No wants you to come home early today.
General Manager Min, don't you know where I am now?
Ms. No has an important matter to discuss.
What is it? Why don't you tell me?
Me?
She asked you to call me.
Doesn't it imply you're allowed to tell me that?
This is very important.
My plans are important as well.
I'm going to sleep here. We'll discuss it tomorrow.
Whatever that important matter is.
I thought you were going to leave after dinner.
I'm planning to cut weeds on my parents' graves.
Let's go.
Tomorrow? He's returning tomorrow?
You didn't go to his uncle's memorial service.
I think he's a bit upset.
I think it'd be better if you called him.
Let him be.
Dad.
Hey, Ji An.
You should've waited inside.
Hey, aren't you hungry?
I used to come here often when I ran my business.
It's still here.
The meat here is the best.
Dad, I know you don't have much money to afford this.
Korean beef is expensive.
I have money. Don't worry.
Let's go in. Come on.
Let's go somewhere else.
- Let's go somewhere else. - Where?
Lost your appetite?
Why can't you eat? Can't you really eat?
Didn't I tell you we should have Korean beef?
No, this is tasty too.
They are all the same once they are in my stomach.
They only stay in my mouth for 10 seconds.
I won't eat beef for the sake of 10 seconds.
Hey, open your mouth.
Give it to me. I can eat on my own.
This is so tasty.
I learned from experience that...
there's a time for everything,
and that destiny needs to play a part.
I know.
Let's just think...
that it's not...
your time yet.
I will.
I'm not the only one who didn't get the job.
And I want you...
to quit the part-time job.
Take a trip somewhere with this money.
There's a saying, "Make hay while the sun shines."
It's a good chance to recharge your batteries.
No, it's okay. You don't have money for that.
I got a bonus.
Your mom doesn't know I have the money. Take it.
Give it to Mom.
I'm too old to get money from you.
I already started standing on my own feet long ago.
Hey.
That doesn't mean I can't give you some money.
I'll just accept your heart.
Mom would be upset...
if she knew we ate meat without her.
This is good.
Mom prefers money over meat, right?
I can't go home. I should go to Daejeon tonight.
- Tonight? - So...
don't tell Mom I was here.
She'd get upset if she found out I only met you.
Did you...
come here because of me?
Why did you do that wasting bus fares?
By the way,
why are you using the honorific form?
What?
Since when did you start using the honorific form?
It's just because I'm a big girl now.
Have some more. You should go back to Daejeon early.
Don't worry about me.
I'll figure things out.
Have some more.
Okay. Let's eat.
Dad, have a safe trip back to Daejeon.
Okay. Just go home.
I want to see you off.
Make sure not to skip meals.
If you want to take a rest from work, just tell me.
I have money.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
Bye.
Go on.
Ji An.
Why are you waiting for me?
I had something to ask.
Let's go. I'll buy you some beer.
It's okay. I'll go home.
Don't you want some beer? It's on me.
Save the money, and give it to Mom.
Earlier today, Mr. Kang told me...
Mr. Sun doesn't call me because he hates me.
We didn't even date. Why would he hate me?
Maybe he hates you or maybe not.
Hey, how could you say that to me?
If he doesn't call me, I'm finished.
I don't even know where he is now.
Why don't you know that?
I'll go to the cafe and ask where he is.
Where's the cafe?
Why are you getting mad?
I told you I'd go to the cafe...
and ask where Mr. Sun works.
So please...
Can't you wait just a few days?
Let me just catch my breath.
Give me some time to pull myself together, okay?
Okay.
- She's fired? - Yes, she's fired.
Gosh, this is embarrassing.
You're right. What should we do now?
What do you mean by "we"?
I'm the victim, and you're the offender's family.
If my sister finds out I pretended to be her,
I'll be beaten to death by her.
Now that we both are involved in this,
I guess I can say "we".
- That's it. - I have an idea.
I got a job. I'll pay you after I get paid.
Do you think your sister, who'd beat you to death,
will let it go?
Oh. I don't think so.
Then we're done talking.
I'll take care of it with your sister.
You should just stay out of this.
How will you take care of it?
I'll do it like an adult.
Okay?
Maybe he said he wouldn't let it go.
Mom, it's time for the drama. What are you doing?
Mom.
What? Hi.
You two came home together.
Yes. We met on the way home. Are you sleepy?
- Yes. - I'm home.
Ji Soo, go take a shower.
- Ji An, come in here. - Okay.
What's the matter?
Ji An.
I want you to quit your part-time job tomorrow.
Quit my part-time job?
You spend all day in front of boiling oil in summer.
Your face is flushed red.
That's why the money is good.
I want you to quit anyway.
Use this as your pocket money.
Why are you doing this to me?
The job market is unsteady in summer.
I'll apply for jobs in fall again.
Then take some time off until fall.
I'll take care of it myself.
I'm doing it because I can do it, and I should do it.
Do you have a bone to pick with me?
What do you mean?
You come home reeking of fried chicken every night.
You look exhausted.
You're the one who has a bone to pick with me.
Just quit the chicken restaurant. Is it hard?
It's hard.
I know how our family gets by every month.
I haven't finished paying my student loans yet.
I don't even know when I'll be employed.
I just can't quit.
Just keep this money.
I won't be able to pay my living expenses a while.
Please understand that.
Gosh, it looks good.
Give me the key. I'll say hello to the car.
What do you want me to do with the car accident?
I'll wait a few more days. I believe she'll call me.
I'll have her send the money to my account.
No. Just tell her to come to my office.
Mr. Choi.
What?
Do you want me to bring her to your office?
Then do you want me to tell her on the phone...
that I won't take the 5,000 dollars?
Why would you let it go like that?
She looks so miserable.
She just got fired and has no money.
Then why would you see her in your office?
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
I'm not giving alms. I'm just being considerate.
I should go through due formalities.
Do you want me to quit?
You said nothing when I got off work yesterday.
My nephew wants to work here.
You can't just fire me like this though.
You're supposed to give at least three days' notice.
You should give me some time to find a new job.
That's why I want to pay you for another week.
For a week?
Thanks for all of your hard work.
I felt bad that I made you work so hard.
Hang on, please.
I'll give you half of this back.
Make Seo Ji An quit.
Who are you? Why are you so disrespectful to me?
How can I not be rude if you are to my daughter?
Oh, she's your daughter?
Give this to her.
Sure.
Bye.
(Nara Department Store is hiring event helpers.)
Hello, I'm calling for...
the part-time job you have posted.
(Part-time event helper, no experience required)
Sure, I'll be there by 11am with my resume.
Thank you.
Gosh, I'm hungry.
(Gourmet Hamburg Steak)
Three dollars, please.
(Yoon Ha Jung)
Why are you calling, Ha Jung?
Why am I calling?
Because of my hospital bill and settlement money.
You said you'd pay me with your severance pay.
I haven't gotten my severance pay yet.
That's obviously why I haven't paid you yet.
The settlement money is only 5,000 dollars.
Were you worried that I wouldn't give it to you?
5,000 dollars is fine, but you have 3 days.
That's all you'll take?
Let's consider this my noblesse oblige,
a good deed of the day.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
You can thank me after fulfilling your promise.
Write down this phone number.
Call my secretary. He'll take care of the rest.
Hey, Ji An. Why aren't you answering me?
I'll call you back later.
Gosh, I must be out of my mind.
(Victim's deputy)
(Returning Point)
Thank you.
Mr. Kim, your friend is a businessman?
Are you sure he's not an athlete?
I told you.
He's an extreme sports nut.
He loves to go skydiving, windsurfing,
skiing, and snowboarding.
Hey, what other sports do you play?
Don't overreact.
I like exciting sports.
Then come to Australia with Mr. Kim.
We'll go skydiving in Cairns.
Okay.
Do Kyung, the deal will go well, thanks to you.
Gosh, that guy is very fussy.
But he's totally opened up to you.
Don't let your guard down.
The KSP Group isn't an easy investment company.
Okay.
Here you go.
If you get my number,
shall I marry you?
That would be a punishment.
We decided not to get wed.
Gosh.
- Goodbye. - Bye.
Hey, Ji An.
What brings you here? You didn't even call me.
I was just passing by...
and thought of something I wanted to ask you.
What is it?
Can you borrow more money through the employee loan?
Hey, it's already maxed out, you know.
It hit the limit when our rent deposit went up.
Oh, right. I forgot about that.
I wanted to ask because I wanted an emergency fund.
I'm off. I'll see you later.
Who's that girl?
What?
She's my sister. The elder one of the two.
- That was fun, mate. - Good.
Those jerks.
It would've been perfect to shower together...
and decide to invest in Sungho Medical.
Why don't you go see a shaman or something?
I'm so desperate.
I told you my dad said he'd bring in...
a management specialist if I don't prove myself.
Mr. Choi.
Yes.
The interpreter fell and sprained her foot,
so she's at the hospital.
What should we do? We can't hire someone new.
Why don't you have one of them do it?
We can't. They only have serving experience.
Gosh, what should we do?
(Assailant)
Hello?
Hello, how are you?
I'm the driver that caused...
the accident the other day.
Your secretary gave me your number.
- You remember me, right? - I haven't been well,
and it was nine days ago, not "the other day".
You're calling me six days late.
Of course I remember you.
I'm really sorry. I was in a bit of a situation.
That's why I couldn't keep my promise. I'm sorry.
What about the 5,000 dollars?
That's...
Tell me which departments you have worked in.
Hurry up. It's urgent.
The marketing and sales team in Global Business.
You must speak English. Can you speak Japanese?
Okay, that's all I need to know.
Put on a suit, and come to Yangpyeong right away.
I'll give you the highest pay.
Okay.
I'm back.
Sure, I'll call you again.
Hey, Ji An!
Ji An, I have something to tell you.
Not now. Tell me later.
Where are you going?
I got a part-time gig.
You don't need to work part-time jobs.
I have to go. The pay is high.
- There's no need. - See you later, Mom!
Wait, Ji An. Let's talk for a minute!
Ji An!
My goodness.
Don't they belong in Eun Seok's room?
Did you have to stay there overnight?
I told you that it's about something important.
I wanted to visit my parents' graves.
I told you I had to talk to you about something.
Do I say that often?
My uncle paid my tuition fees in place of my dad,
and it was his 49th day funeral ceremony.
What can be more important than that?
Eun Seok.
What?
Our daughter, Eun Seok.
I found her.
What... What are you talking about?
What do you mean? You found Eun Seok?
Eun Seok is...
She was alive?
She's alive?
You ran DNA tests and met the woman who raised her?
Yes.
You did all that...
on your own without so much as a hint to me?
Don't you remember?
Exactly a year after Eun Seok disappeared,
you said we should stop since we'd never find her.
You said she'd be dead.
"Why would a rich girl be taken without a ransom?"
Okay, that's enough.
She's alive and we found her, so it's fine.
Let's talk about Eun Seok.
How is she doing?
What does she do?
She'll be 28. Is she doing well?
I'm not fluent in Japanese,
but I can read a script.
Yes, I introduced products at a promotional event.
Okay, sure.
What does he want me to do at a trunk show?
(38 dollars)
Don't take the bus. Take the cab.
I'll pay the fare.
How much further do we have to go?
I only have 43 dollars.
Don't you want to see her?
We waited for 25 years.
Can't we wait a few more days or weeks?
Because I found her after 25 years.
So I don't want her...
to spend another hour, not even a day in that house.
It's not just about us.
We must consider her too.
How can you say that after hearing how she's living?
You're home, Seo Hyun.
What are they talking about?
Who is Eun Seok?
Your older sister.
Ask for Mr. Choi.
Is he ashamed of his name or something?
Why is he Mr. Choi?
Ms. Jung.
- Hello. - You made it.
I'm really sorry for not calling.
I know about that.
Give it to her.
I'm Jung Hye Mi, a luxury goods shopper.
I'm Seo Ji An.
That's the script for the trunk show.
Ms. Jung will speak.
You will translate that into English and Japanese.
Have you given a presentation?
- Of course. - I would call anyone...
if it were just a presentation.
I'll go with a translation that fits what she says.
I'll pay after the event.
- When will you be done? - Before midnight.
Wait.
Could you pay me when I'm done?
Why should I leave during a party...
just to pay someone like you?
I can't miss the last bus to Seoul.
I'll give you the cab fare too, so wait.
Let's not meet like this ever again and end this.
I want to end it today.
Okay, I'll wait.
Go, and read the script.
Okay.
Don't get it scratched. It costs over 80,000.
80,000 dollars?
- Take the brochures. - Okay.
Are you done?
Yes.
This is quite elaborate for a trunk show.
We aren't the hosts. It's N-Gaon's gathering,
and we got invited.
They meet every quarter to play sports and chat.
But what is N-Gaon?
A gathering of third- generation chaebols...
who were childhood friends.
Third-generation chaebols?
Hello, N-Gaon members.
I'm a shopper from Hemilia, Jung Hye Mi.
Thank you for inviting me again after last spring.
Good evening, N-Gaon members.
This is Jung Hye Mi. She's a personal shopper...
at the Hemilia Luxury Goods Store.
It's a great honor to be here again...
after last spring.
Who's she? She speaks Japanese too?
Hiroshi's from Japan and represents KSP Group Asia.
And English is essential for business.
I'm sure he prefers Japanese in his down time.
You're the best.
Valentino's concept is "Classics are Forever".
Witro offers clothes that challenge your daily life.
Please view our suits from two contrasting lines.
Here, you're watching...
two different styles of suits for this autumn.
Valentino's theme is "Classic is Eternal"...
and Witro's is "Defiance in Daily Life".
The Valentino suits are paired with shirts...
Business suits,
or a date with an unfamiliar lady.
(Seo Hyun)
Where would you like to go with this fabulous...
and classic style?
What? What did you just say?
Did you say Eun Seok?
They found Eun Seok?
Yes, but Mom and Dad are arguing.
You need to come home now.
Okay.
Do Kyung.
Did you hire a trilingual MC for me?
Something came up at home.
Tell the others, and wrap things up for me.
Sure.
Mom fainted again.
Why are they fighting when they found their daughter?
This is the end of what we prepared today.
Please enjoy the rest of your stay. Thank you.
Mom, are you okay?
Did Doctor Kang come by?
It's not the first time I fainted.
Weren't you with N-Gaon?
It's your turn. The host shouldn't leave the party.
What do you mean you found Eun Seok?
Did you really find her?
Yes, we found her.
She was alive?
When and how did you find her?
Let's talk later.
It's a long story.
Is she doing well?
Whether or not she is,
we'll have her tell us.
When do we get to eat?
Back at the hotel after the event.
Do you not eat until then?
We had a snack at 4pm.
Eat this.
Thank you so much.
You can't eat here.
Eat in secret.
What happened?
How did they find her?
They only said what you already know.
They told me to wait.
Why do I suddenly have an older sister?
Do you remember her?
Not really.
Memories are what we remember,
but we weren't allowed to even mention Eun Seok.
She's extremely poor.
That's why Mom wants to bring her back right away.
Eun Seok?
(Contacts, Victim)
(Please call back)
It's been over a week.
Isn't that too long?
Mr. Sun Woo.
- What? - Just give a call.
Did the carpentry camp call?
I told them we'll leave before 1pm.
Shall I press the call button for you?
Do you not have the courage?
There's a time when you shouldn't call.
- Why did you call me? - You said you'd help us.
Sorry.
Why pull up the carpentry camp schedule...
of all things?
He's been really strange lately.
Was she in another accident?
What's the point in staring and not calling?
I'm worried, that's...
why.
Do Kyung. Do Kyung?
I dozed off.
Come in.
Gi Jae called me.
He says you aren't answering your phone.
I had a long day.
I didn't hear it ring.
Okay, thanks.
Where is it?
It's in my car.
(Bus schedule)
There are no more buses tonight.
Where are you headed?
Do you need a lift?
No, my husband's on his way.
Is he? That's a relief, then.
Ji Soo, can you stay awake and pay the taxi fare?
Taxi for hire.
I need a taxi. I'm going to Seoul.
There aren't any headed that way.
It's raining hard, and drivers won't go that far.
Sorry.
What should I do?
(Assailant)
(Read message)
They're cleaning up now.
Where are you? I'm all alone right now.
Tell me whether to wait or leave.
Why won't you pick up?
I spent all I had to get here. I have no cash.
You're a third-generation chaebol?
That's great. Good for you.
I don't want to be clingy.
I'll wait until you come. Even if it's all night.
Let's not meet like this ever again and end this.
I want to end it today.
What a jerk.
Mom. Mom...
(Battery: 1 percent)
Oh no. What should I do?
Hyuk.
Why do you sound like that?
I'm so scared.
I'll be right there. Wait.
I have to be somewhere.
Take care of the rest.
You want us to do all this alone?
The phone is off.
- What? - Please leave a message.
What is wrong with this woman?
Why did she turn off her phone?
What is she trying to do?
Did she really think I'll show up,
so she's messing with me?
This is unbelievable.
Who's that?
Can you speed up? Why are you so slow?
What do you want me to do?
What is it you want?
We must slow down by 20 percent when it rains.
What a jerk.
Where are you?
I don't know where I am,
and my phone's low on battery.
Did you see any stores or road signs?
One said "To Daesung-ri".
Then go into the first gas station you find,
borrow a phone, and call me.
Is this the gas station?
The first gas station, okay?
Okay?
Ji An.
Hyuk.
Are you okay?
Let's go home.
Take your time.
I'm glad she's safe,
but she said she'd wait.
She called her boyfriend.
See you, Ji An. Call me.
They got close pretty fast.
(Assailant)
(Text messages)
Thank you.
I'll turn on the heater.
Let's charge your phone. You should call home.
Right. Let me do it.
(Text message)
I'm texting because I couldn't get through.
I'm sorry I had to leave on urgent business.
Call me when you can.
I'll pay what I owe.
Text me your bank account...
and what I owe you now.
I'll wire you the money.
Sun Woo Hyuk, why won't you ask?
Ask what?
Don't you want to know why I'm out here like this?
Must I know everything?
Get some sleep.
You must have work tomorrow.
It's already 2am.
I don't work tomorrow.
I got fired.
Things happened.
Have you eaten? Let's get some hot soup.
There's a 24-hour restaurant on the way.
No thanks, I'm too sleepy.
I'd rather sleep.
Okay, then. Sleep.
Daebang-dong, right? I'll wake you when we're there.
Okay.
Thanks.
Just take it.
You're all wet. You'll catch a cold.
I'm fine.
Just give it back after washing it.
All right. I will.
I'll treat you next time.
You better.
Go in, and get some sleep.
Thank you. Thank you so much for today.
I like pork belly.
Buy me pork belly.
Okay.
I'll go in now.
Bye.
Hello. I'm here.
It's your day off. What are you doing here?
You have an ingredient delivery today.
I'm here to help you.
I'm fine.
This is nothing to me.
This is something to you.
I don't need help. You can leave.
What are these white beans for?
I told you to know your place.
You don't need to teach me your techniques,
but you can still give me hints.
I hired you...
for the storefront,
so stop bugging me, and leave.
I said get out.
Get out.
Ji An.
Wake up.
Ji An. Wake up.
What is it?
Wake up. It's 11am.
I quit the part-time job as you said,
so I went out to have fun last night.
Did you make hangover soup?
Did you think I was drunk?
No.
I got off at the wrong bus stop,
and it started raining,
so I got home late.
Just get up!
Get ready. We need to go somewhere.
Put this on.
Go where?
Let's go out for a meal.
What for? We can eat at home.
Make sure to wear makeup.
Why are we going to a hotel?
Am I going on a blind date?
Mom. Are you taking me out for a blind date?
You'll see.
Mom.
Are you Yang Mi Jung?
- Yes. - This way please.
Aren't you going to tell me what's going on?
This is weird.
Mom.
They're my friends.
Say hello, and have a seat.
Hello. I'm Seo Ji An.
She hasn't...
had breakfast yet.
Let's get her food first before we talk.
- Well... - Mr. Yoon.
Bring our food in.
Yes, sir.
Are we here to get me a job?
Eat.
We had breakfast, so you can eat first.
Yes.
Mr. Yoon.
Bring all our food in at once. Hurry up.
You're not a picky eater.
I'm not,
but it's also because everything is delicious.
It might be because I skipped dinner last night.
She's not picky nor ill disposed.
She's diligent and smart.
She's beyond reproach.
Are you okay? Drink some water.
I'm sorry.
Honestly, I only followed Mom here...
without knowing anything.
I'm not sure why she'd tell you...
these things.
She hasn't told you anything yet?
(Haesung Corporation Chairwoman No Myung Hee)
Oh, my.
Ji An.
I'm sorry.
Mom, are they from Haesung Corporation?
Yes.
They are Haesung Corporation's...
vice-chairman and his wife.
How do you know these people?
I got to know them through you.
Me?
They're...
your real parents, Ji An.
What did you just say, Mom?
They're your parents.
(My Golden Life)
You and Dad aren't my real parents?
Is everything all right with Ji An?
What can you do even if she's not?
What happens to Eun Seok now?
We should bring her.
If it turns out you have rich parents,
would you go?
What is she doing? She rejected my call.
Let's see who wins.
Why are you doing this to me?
Why?
I let you off.
If you're going to be arrogant, pay first.
Lend me 20,000 dollars please.